you
is anybody here
Wow
I just moved in upstairs and I just
thought I'd introduce myself I'm Alison
Parker we don't get many visitors
I'm Gerda and this is Sandra hi
why don't you stay and have some coffee
with us oh I shouldn't fire this
cigarette
no I'm smooth good sit I've already
cooked properly on Oh would you rather
tea
Oh coffee's fine everything's on how can
you yogi yes I met mr. Chasen from
upstairs with his Anam have you lived
here long
don't be alarmed if song he doesn't feet
be sound and does help yourself enjoy
thank you the crucifix you very where
did you get it as for my family looks
French from our sauce
the gentleman who left here this morning
is that your boyfriend yes see is an
adequate lover
saundra he lived with a man for some
time treated to her
I found it took us a long time to finish
it properly what do you do for a living
move on the legion
sighing soon it's rather odd to eat and
run
I took me I drank something you could
print that way I guess